Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI 1020.3.2 (#2729)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1020-1-21-remove-the-word-module-from-plugin-names.md

---
date: ""
title: "Remove the word 'module' from plugin names"
product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1661"
version: "1020.1.21"
---

> Remove the word 'module' from plugin names

Reviewer: Please make this a proper release notes entry (including the title).

Reviewer 2: Really not sure if we should publish this entry in changelog.

---
date: ""

> title: "Remove 'Module' suffix from module names in dtm-plugins"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Removed suffix from module names in dtm-plugins"
```

ticket: "CTM-1661"
version: "1020.1.21"
---

> Previously, the names of all modules within the dtm-plugins included the word "Module". Now it has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the names of all modules within the dtm-plugins included the word "module". This suffix has now been removed.
```

Reviewer 3: Modified. But the module has been replaced with the title case to match the exact word that has been removed.
